[red-knot] Detect semantic syntax errors (#17463)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/red_knot_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/comprehensions/basic.md

        return AsyncIterator()

# revealed: @Todo(async iterables/iterators)
# error: [invalid-syntax] "cannot use an asynchronous comprehension outside of an asynchronous function on Python 3.9 (syntax was added in 3.11)"

> # error: [invalid-syntax] "`asynchronous comprehension` outside of an asynchronous function"

Author: That PR does not fix the backticks around "asynchronous comprehension." I can just fix that here since red-knot will be the only place this message is actually used.

> [reveal_type(x) async for x in AsyncIterable()]

Reviewer: similarly here, I don't think the intent here was for this to test our resilience to invalid syntax (the test case is titled "Basic" 😄), so I'd be inclined to do this to avoid the syntax error:

```suggestion
async def _():
    [reveal_type(x) async for x in AsyncIterable()]
```

although it probably _is_ a good idea for us to add a _separate_ test case that demonstrates that we still infer types correctly even if there is invalid syntax!

Author: Updated! Leaving this unresolved for now in case we also want to add the separate test case. I'm guessing that could go in `invalid_syntax.md` next to this file? But maybe somewhere else is better.

    def __iter__(self) -> Iterator:
        return Iterator()

> # error: [invalid-syntax] "cannot use an asynchronous comprehension outside of an asynchronous function on Python 3.9 (syntax was added in 3.11)"
> # error: [invalid-syntax] "`asynchronous comprehension` outside of an asynchronous function"
> # revealed: @Todo(async iterables/iterators)
> [reveal_type(x) async for x in Iterable()]

Reviewer: here too

```suggestion
async def _():
    # revealed: @Todo(async iterables/iterators)
    [reveal_type(x) async for x in Iterable()]
```
